it seems like electrons have just the
right charge in order for complex
molecules to exist it seems like the
value of gravity is just right for stars
to form and planets to form it seems
like all the other contents of nature
that we could enumerate have just the
right value such that if they are any
different then we wouldn't have life in
the universe at all we'd have some
boring Universe there was nothing but a
black hole or a boring Universe there
was nothing but gas the two options
before us appear to be in a most
commonly said to be either
a designer has created this universe
subsidence biofriendly
Paul Davies kind of puts it as it
appears like the universe has a purpose
he's not saying there's necessarily a
designer but there's some kind of
purpose behind it all there's some
reason behind it all and so if there's a
reason then it's no wonder that the
universe is bio-friendly because maybe
we are the reason we are the universe
trying to look at itself or something
like that okay but again we're starting
to get into metaphysics there